
= Ruby-ODE

== Authors

  Michael Granger <ged@FaerieMUD.org>

== General Information

This is a Ruby binding for the Open Dynamics Engine, a free, industrial quality
library for simulating articulated rigid body dynamics - for example ground
vehicles, legged creatures, and moving objects in VR environments. It is fast,
flexible, robust and platform independent, with advanced joints, contact with
friction, and built-in collision detection.

You can find out more about ODE, including instructions for obtaining it, on the
author's page at <http://www.q12.org/ode/ode.html>.

== Caveats

*IMPORTANT*: This is an *alpha* release. It might blow up, compromise your
security, write random data to sensitive portions of your hard drive, or
otherwise fail to work as advertised. It is intended to be used by developers
who are interested in helping out or curious onlookers who don't mind getting
a bit wet.

That said, I would greatly appreciate feedback on any aspect of this
software. Suggestions, feature requests, questions, design critiques, and bug
reports are most welcome. Relevant patches are particularly helpful. I may be
reached at <ged@FaerieMUD.org>.

== Installation

For installation instructions (such as they are at this point), see the INSTALL
file.

== More Information

You may also access a web interface to the Ruby-ODE CVS module at:
<http://cvs.faeriemud.org/cgi/viewcvs.cgi/Ruby-ODE/>, which includes
instructions on checking out the CVS version.

== Legal

Ruby-ODE is Open Source Software which is Copyright (c) 2001,2002 by The
FaerieMUD Consortium.

You may use, modify, and/or redistribute this software under the terms of either
the Perl Artistic License or ODE's license (LGPL) -- whichever you prefer. A
copy of the Artistic license should have been included in this distribution; see
the file Artistic. If it was not, a copy of it may be obtained from
http://language.perl.com/misc/Artistic.html or
http://www.faeriemud.org/artistic.html).

THIS PACKAGE IS PROVIDED "AS IS" AND WITHOUT ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES,
INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTIBILITY AND
FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.


			  $Id: README,v 1.1 2002/03/20 14:26:05 deveiant Exp $






